$Id: README,v 1.3 2000/04/09 19:00:12 skimo Exp $

    Copyright (c) 1996 Open Market, Inc.
    See the file "LICENSE.TERMS" for information on usage and redistribution
    of this file, and for a DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.

    Copyright (c) 1996-1998 Sven Verdoolaege
    No additional restrictions/warranties.

This is a Fast CGI module for perl. It's based on the FCGI module
that comes with Open Market's FastCGI Developer's Kit, but does
not require you to recompile perl.

It even no longer requires perl to be compiled with sfio.
The sfio version has had more testing though.
To compile with sfio you'll need at least perl 5.003_02 and you'll have
to have configured it with eg './Configure -Duseperlio -Dusesfio'.
(See the INSTALL file that comes with the perl distribution.)
To compile without sfio you'll need an even more recent perl version.
(perl 5.004 and up should be fine.)

See http://fastcgi.idle.com/ for more information about fastcgi.
Lincoln D. Stein's perl CGI module also contains some information
about fastcgi programming.

See echo.fpl for an example on how to use this module.

To install, do the usual

perl Makefile.PL
make
make install

If Makefile.PL finds an already installed (exported) fcgi library
it will use that instead of the included files. Edit Makefile.PL
if you don't want that or if it doesn't find them.

To configure the library Makefile.PL will run ./configure .
You may want to run it yourself beforehand because its findings
may not always be correct.
The configure.readme file describes how to run ./configure (and only that).

If you're on a solaris system and your installed fcgi library is 2.02b
or earlier, you'll probably want to use the included files.

The old interface of the FCGI module installs die and warn 
handlers that merely print the error/warning to STDERR (the 
default handlers print directly to stderr, which isn't redirected 
in the non sfio case). I'm not very happy with the result. 
Suggestions welcome.

Sven Verdoolaege
skimo@kotnet.org
